Documennt: add append only table & TTL (#357)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: sql/commands/sql-create-table.mdx

</Note>

## Append only

The append-only table does not support delete or update operations, nor does it support non-append-only upstream connectors. There are two main reasons for using append-only tables:

- Certain features are exclusively available for append-only tables, such as watermark and TTL (Time-To-Live).
- Streaming jobs created downstream from append-only tables can leverage their append-only property to optimize performance. 

```sql
CREATE TABLE t (
    ...
) APPEND ONLY WITH (retention_seconds = 86400);
```

## Watermarks

RisingWave supports generating watermarks when creating an append-only streaming table. Watermarks are like markers or signals that track the progress of event time, allowing you to process events within their corresponding time windows. For more information on the syntax on how to create a watermark, see [Watermarks](/processing/watermarks).

## TTL of append-only-table

Data in an append-only table cannot be deleted with DELETE statements. Therefore, RisingWave provides TTL (Time-To-Live) feature to automatically clean up expired data in the table. 

> However, please note that this cleanup only applies to the data within the table itself—it does not affect downstream materialized views or other streaming jobs. If you need to clean up data in downstream MVs used in queries, you should use a [Temporal Filter](/processing/sql/temporal-filters) in the downstream stream job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## TTL of append-only table

Data in an append-only table cannot be deleted with `DELETE` statements. Therefore, RisingWave provides TTL (Time-To-Live) feature to automatically clean up expired data in the table. 
However, please note that this cleanup only applies to the data within the table itself—it does not affect downstream materialized views or other streaming jobs. If you need to clean up data in downstream materialized views used in queries, you should use a [Temporal Filter](/processing/sql/temporal-filters) in the downstream streaming job.
```
